README.md, before:

# Markeaze for Opencart

## System Requirements

* Opencart version 2.3.x, 3.x.x

## Install Markeaze module using Opencart Plugin Directory

1. Download the archive https://github.com/markeaze/markeaze-opencart-v3/archive/main.zip and rename to 'markeaze.ocmod.zip'
2. Go to the site control panel to the 'Extensions' section → 'Installer'
3. Press the 'Upload' button and select the 'markeaze.ocmod.zip' file, then press 'Continue'
4. Go to 'Extensions' → 'Extensions' → 'Modules' → 'Markeaze' and click the 'Install' button
5. Click 'Edit'
6. Input App key from your Markeaze account
7. Save changes

----------------------

## Требования к CMS

* Версия Opencart 2.3.x, 3.x.x

## Установите модуля Markeaze в ваш магазин Opencart

1. Скачайте архив молудя https://github.com/markeaze/markeaze-opencart-v3/archive/main.zip и переименуйте "markeaze.ocmod.zip"
2. Зайдите в панель управления сайтом в раздел "Модули" → "Установка расширений"
3. Нажать "Загрузить" и выбрать файл "markeaze.ocmod.zip", нажать "Далее"
4. Зайдите в панель управления сайтом в раздел "Модули" → "Модули" → "Модули" → "Markeaze" найдите Markeaze и нажмите "Активировать"
5. Нажмите  "Редактировать"
6. Введите app_key из своего аккаунта markeaze
7. Сохраните

Commit message:

Support secret field. Bump version of tracker

README.md, after:

# Markeaze for Opencart

## System Requirements

* Opencart version 2.3.x, 3.x.x

## Install Markeaze module using Opencart Plugin Directory

1. Download the archive https://github.com/markeaze/markeaze-opencart-v3/archive/main.zip and rename to 'markeaze.ocmod.zip'
2. Go to the site control panel to the 'Extensions' section → 'Installer'
3. Press the 'Upload' button and select the 'markeaze.ocmod.zip' file, then press 'Continue'
4. Go to 'Extensions' → 'Extensions' → 'Modules' → 'Markeaze' and click the 'Install' button
5. Click 'Edit'
6. Fill in the 'App key' field with your App Key
7. Fill in the 'Secret Key' field with your Secret Key
8. Press the 'Save' button

----------------------

## Требования к CMS

* Версия Opencart 2.3.x, 3.x.x

## Установите модуля Markeaze в ваш магазин Opencart

1. Скачайте архив молудя https://github.com/markeaze/markeaze-opencart-v3/archive/main.zip и переименуйте "markeaze.ocmod.zip"
2. Зайдите в панель управления сайтом в раздел "Модули" → "Установка расширений"
3. Нажать "Загрузить" и выбрать файл "markeaze.ocmod.zip", нажать "Далее"
4. Зайдите в панель управления сайтом в раздел "Модули" → "Модули" → "Модули" → "Markeaze" найдите Markeaze и нажмите "Активировать"
5. Нажмите  "Редактировать"
6. Введите "App-ключ" из своего аккаунта markeaze
7. Введите "Secret-ключ" из своего аккаунта markeaze
8. Сохраните
